i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
simple to use and hook up .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box .
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
it works great .
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
the dvd player is fine .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
works great !
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .
have had problems since the first day
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
the dvd player just would't recognize them .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
the first one would n't work from the start .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
it has never worked .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
when the player was working it was great ,but .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
what a disappointment !
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
one still works fine , the other quit after one day .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !
